HUB, Roboty, Gentian, Strope, Mansel, Spells, Arabist, Photoshop, Onesie, Coral, Homebody,
Sparklite, Boots, Super Check, Nails, Best, Heaven Beauty, The Beaked in Heart of our
Town, Colourful, Confusion, Send Everything, Knitting Patterns, Topic, Jigsaws and Greeting
Cards for any Occasion, Some Visit for the Conversation, or the Gagging
Vag Cafe, The Grocery or the Newsagent, Regular Visitors, Some Come Since They Were Children,
Some Things They Say, Some Things Completely Different, Going to the Market, Seeing Lots
of People, Going to Find Pets, Goldfish Coming Home, Bought Seven, Some Die, End Up with
Four.
Walking in felt magical, like an underground lair. Even now I'm grown up, I still visit
there. I had my ears pieced in a dodgy shop a few years ago. The small pet shop full of
life was my favourite place to go. Little hamsters flat out in their wheels. Fish swimming
as the owner made deals. Now I play Pokemon on days off in the gaming shop. Retro Games
do all stuff PS4 or Xbox. Donkey Kong all day long. Llanelli Market is my home from
home and I'll never forget the memories of my days spent running round the underground
magical market.
Hub, Roboty, Denton, Strope, Mansel, Spells, Arabis, Fartstop, Onsie, Coral, Homebattice,
Backlights, Boots, Superchip, Nails, Hair and Beauty. Say, I'm Fearless, Cameras in
Operation, Ternopilus, Darnow, Subway, Seagulls, Heritage, Tadardyce, Camindeb, Mixed with
Hungry Homelessness, Drilling, Blue Skies, Mincing Lings, Glory Horns, Full Bins, Private
Parking.
Vintage shops gone to waste, other shops replaced. Few brothers building a business together,
but nothing lasts forever. Coco Blush Modern for now, Fashion Chains is all about eyebrows.
We're working collectively to solve the mystery of our history. So much praise about English
Lions but about Welsh Dragons.
The ringing of a rifle shot smashes into throat bleeding badly. This did not take place
in Wales when this was a hundred years ago in Llanasau.
Tin Plate Town, first ever national rural strike. Battle raged for two days and nights.
John Jack John and Leonard Walsall, killed by bullet of industrial struggle.
The Great Unrest, authorities feared revolution. Virtual military occupation. Mass struggle
by dockers, rail workers and miners. Workers sweeping aside and eating alive their leaders.
Class revolt and these men's murders provoked further disturbance.
Wiped off from history, the gifts of the dead and crumbling. We hesitate to start in honor
of our memory. They deserve an apology, but it is evidence with your poetry.
Factory floor ignored and neglected. We need archives of our women's history awareness.
Extremely important Welsh women. Our heritage takes different forms. Women's roles are vital,
guaranteed, devised and forgotten. Let's fill the streets with statues that celebrate.
And balance.
Llanelli Market, I had my hair cut there once. Now I have my hair cut on a double-decker bus.
Space and freedom open to all. Billionaire owners, big and small.
The market. Regular customers, family business, personal touch. People of the market surround us.
Stood proud for a century and a half, beating heart of the town, filling our stories and
memories of this market we should be proud.
Walking into town, sun in the sky. Cameras in operation, no smoking sides.
Seals in the sky, flying high. Under-dress, hair, beauty, style.
Ride the bike fast, speeding past. Speakers in the grass, they like to blast.
Walk around Llanelli, this is my town.
It's feelin' this in the air, put your phone down.
Put your phone down.